# Lending-Club
The Lending Club Company is the largest online loan marketplace. This Company has two types of customers i.e. investors and borrowers. Investors are the ones who invest in the lending club and get interest paid from the club. Borrowers are the ones where investment from the Investors is given to the borrowers with a certain interest rate depending on the type of loan and valuation of the borrower. It facilitates personal loans, business loans, and financing of medical procedures. Borrowers can easily access lower interest rate loans through a fast online interface. When the company receives a loan application, the company has to make a decision for loan approval based on the applicant’s profile. When a person applies for a loan, there are two types of decisions that could be taken by the company:
Loan accepted: If the company approves the loan, there are 3 possible scenarios described below:
Fully paid: Applicant has fully paid the loan (the principal and the interest rate)
Current: Applicant is in the process of paying the installments, i.e. the tenure of the loan is not yet completed. These candidates are not labeled as 'defaulted'.
Charged-off: Applicant has not paid the installments in due time for a long period of time, i.e. he/she has defaulted on the loan
Loan rejected: The Company had rejected the loan (because the candidate does not meet their requirements etc.). Since the loan was rejected, there is no transactional history of those applicants with the company and so this data is not available with the company (and thus in this dataset)
